# Video Transcript
Source: omr_test.mp4
Generated: 2025-09-13 17:18:23
Length: 22390 characters
---

And sharing my screen. So today we are talking about CLAMET, the new project, which is the LED mask corner for Marrakech. We already did one project for Marrakech, which was a sound system room for the entertainment area, and they're very happy so that they came back to us with this area within the spa. Okay, so it's CLAMET Marrakech, I don't know if you're familiar with CLAMET, which is a very famous French brand. They are mainly resort hotels, although now they are developing in cities. We are working in the spa area. They are trying to improve and change the services that they are offering to their clientele. So they want to create this new LED mask corner. And the lucky winners will go with 104 US dollars. So CLAMET, as I said, is a French operator. They have resorts all around the world, it's an all-inclusive hotel. So you have every kind of, you have adults, but you also have teenagers and young children. Obviously the spa is quite used and famous because it's time for the parents to unwind. So while the GEOs are taking care of the kids, the parents can take care of themselves. That's why the spa is one big part of the revenue for them. And that's why they are trying to improve it as it comes. So this is the CLAMET in Marrakech. It's made really in the typical way of the Marrakech architecture. You can see the whole footprint here. You can see the type of material which is very, very anchored into the environment. I have put for you the attribute of a Riyadh architecture, so typical Moroccan architecture. So you understand why the design is like that. As well, I mean, the colors obviously, but also the patterns and all the kind of openings that they have. And you will see that it's connected to the spa design also. So this is all from a CLAMET picture, this is not, and this is not, just the top one. But you're very welcome to go and explore a little bit what is CLAMET into their website to see more pictures. This is just to explain to you about local architecture and design, but it's just for information only. You don't have to use that. You will have to follow the brief when it comes to design. So the space we are going to anchor the project in is the spa area. Today, it was a retail space, which is here. So this is the welcoming area of the spa, this is where guests will arrive. This is the welcoming corner, the reception area, with the staff taking the clients to the treatment rooms. The LED corner will be a self-serve kind of treatment area. There will be obviously one employee to help them, but it's something that you do yourself, so it's not enclosed. There is a passageway here to the office, which we need to keep. It cannot be fully enclosed, but we need to keep a certain level of privacy. So this is the area you're going to have to work on. I will put in the files that will be uploaded right after this call. I will put the AutoCAD layout that was given by the client. There is no section to it, but the ceiling height is 3.26 meters. I asked them to double-check for me, so you can base on that. So this is a smaller layout showing you exactly how the space is today. So as a client, if I'm standing into the center area here, looking towards the reception area, this is the reception area here, this will not change at all. You can see the arch, you can see the typical kind of lighting, this will remain as it is. If I look at the other side, as I walk in and out of the building here, this is the view. From that area, you can see another type of arch here. Now our area, what I call the LED mask here, but it's not LED today, is the one that you can see through the door opening here, to the arch opening here in the corner at the back. As I walk in, this is the area here. You can get rid of all the finishes on the wall, you can change everything. You will see there is a list of requirements because you will have products to sell, so you're going to have to display some products for sales. But you can also, to be sustainable, you can also reuse what is existing and change it. Change either the finishes or only certain parts. Be conscious of sustainability, this is always a very big part for the client. Now, if I take the third picture, I'm looking from the outside of the office towards the reception area that you can see at the back here, with the imprint tiles in the centre here, that are reflected here. From my recall, but we will double-check, we are not changing the floor finishes. We are keeping the floor finishes. We are only talking about the wall finishes, ceiling finish and lighting, etc. You will see the brief. The last zoom picture is on this corner here. I'm not sure what's behind. I think today it's just a box up that you can decide to open if needed, to put some more display. All those furnitures will go, as well as that. You don't have to keep anything. So what is a LED mask? For a woman, I'm not sure you're familiar with that. Kavinaya maybe, as a woman. But this is something that people use to improve their skin appearance. It removes the wrinkles and whatever face colour you can have. You can apply it on the face, on the neck and on the forefront here. What they are going to use mainly is the face one. So the desired client experience, I'm going to read it for you and explain to you if I have anything to add. And that's really the brief directly taken from the client. So it's important for you to see what type of brief we receive. And if you have questions, please do not hesitate to ask me. If I don't know how to answer, I will ask the client and give you the feedback later. So it's focused on relaxation, LED facial treatment, which is something like that. It's a mask you apply on your face and sensory experience. So sensory experience can be anything. It can be touches, it can be smell and it can be obviously the lighting. So the lighting will come from the mask itself, but it can also come from the perimeter, from the surrounding environment. Creating of an LED mask bar with two to three station face only. When we call it bar, of course, it's not a bar where you're going to sit. The idea is that you sit in a comfortable chair. So it's semi-open partition within the current retail space. So if I'm laying down with my mask and I want to rest, I want to be able to close maybe a curtain or have semi-privacy within a cocoon kind of type of sitting. So you're going to have to see what type of semi-privacy you want to offer, but be aware of the space. It's very small, it's 13 square meters. You need to see two to three stations. So it's not that easy. The service is to be self-service. This is what I explained to you earlier, but guided by a professional or hostess. So they will help you set up the mask and sitting you properly. And then after they will leave you for the 15 or 20 minute or whatever, 30 minute session that this is taking. OK, sorry, Kavinaya, you have a question? Yeah. Do we have to provide a separate station for the staff? No. OK. No, you don't. Thank you. Because the staff most probably will be the one coming from the reception area, just helping you to fit the mask and that's it. OK, and it will be also the one that will help you pay for if you buy any product. I will show you after. So this is the ones I'm talking about. So the space to redesign, number two. So the design has to blend with the surrounding cause while creating an immersive, refined and techno-sensory space at the crossroad of modern wellness and simply reimagine American SPAC culture. That's why it's extremely important for you to base on the American SPAC culture, which is huge. I have given you a slide with a few clues for your research after, but this is quite important. Cocoon armchairs or daybed, OK, will be good. If it is just a daybed, see how you can provide some intimacy between the chairs, especially if they are side by side. You don't want to be sitting next to someone you don't know very closely. So you can look at that. You can also look at, in Asia, there are a lot of foot massage place. So, you know, there are rows of sittings, but they have ways to give privacy in between the chairs. So this could be a source of inspiration also. What they have given in beige, sun velvet or faux leather, you can always challenge it as long as it's practical. OK, so it has to be easily cleanable. If, I mean, they're not going to offer coffee or drinks because they have a mask on their face, so they cannot drink. But if something spills on the chair, I have to be able to clean it easily. OK. Suspended light fixtures in rattan or perforated metal with colored lead bulbs. So this is one of the sensory experience that they want to have. Now, whether it's suspended light fixture or the light fixture is inserted into your perimeter walls, into the cabinet, is really up to you. It can be a combination of the two. This is the brief from the client. They are not designers, yet they know the type of ambience they want to achieve. OK, so if you stick to this first sentence for the design brief, you should be OK. Perforated partition or shears. This is what we've been talking about to provide semi-privacy. If there are shears, just make sure that they cannot spill easily because people will be pulling them in and out. So make sure that they're not going to tear easily. Walls with modern silice tiles, white or light blue or lime wash paint for texture. Again, in terms of colors, you can always give other ideas as long as you justify them. What is very important is as long as you don't follow 100% the brief from the client, you have to justify it. What I do sometimes for my client, when the client has a very strong opinion on something, but I do not agree with it, what I will do is I will propose, I will do something with their wanting, their options. So let's say the white and blue tiles. But I will do another option with what I think will be best and explain why I think this option would be best. So you have the option to do both. Sand diffusion. This is for the noise I was talking about for the sensory. A small console or tray for masks and accessories. So maybe they will have to drag a small tray to bring the mask with them. I don't know if they are going to use any specific cream with it or not. So just make sure that you provide that and that ideally they can be stuck somewhere when they are not in use. So they are not in the way. So people have space to walk in, sit down properly. The employee can help them feed the mask or whatever. Then the trolley can come, but then it can be taken away when not needed. Discrete storage, wipes, disinfectant, cables. So you have plenty of rooms against the wall to do so. Soft sound system. This is just for you to provide the sound system space. Of course, you don't have to provide the sound system as per se. Large brass frame mirrors with integrated LED backlight. These again are just ideas from clients. Coloured indirect light under the seat and local sourcing. So ideally you should source everything locally. So I didn't put any suppliers list for you because I don't know what you're going to be looking for exactly. But if you have any problem to source, just let me know and I will ask if they have any preferred suppliers. But online you can find pretty much everything now. So that's for the space itself. Now to explain a little bit more about the therapy. So LED facial care equipment. I put some pictures here so you can have serum. Those can be sold also. OK, so for the equipment you need the mask, obviously. These are a few of the brands which I put some of them here. It's just to show you how it looks. But you need UV sanitizing charging station for hygiene. So this is not on the chair itself. It can be separated. Cleansing wipes, facial gel and headbands. This has to be either on the trolley. Make sure that it fits on the trolley. So every time they have one person coming, they have all the equipment necessary all together. Possibly a touchscreen tablet for clients to choose their program. If they do have that, you need to provide a charging station. So just make sure that you have a charging station somewhere. And these are the products to sell in the retail place. So they can sell the LED mask, obviously, and the skincare products. So you need to make sure that you have somehow shelving. So today, as you saw, there are already shelving on the walls. But you need to make sure, for example, that if the shelving is all the way at the back, everyone can access those shelving. Because it's not only the customers that are using the stations that can buy, but anyone using the spa or even not using the spa, but wanted to buy one of the equipment can come into the retail space to buy it. So make sure it's easily accessible, even when the stations are in use. Okay, delivery schedule. So do you have any questions so far on the project? It's very straightforward and small, but do not hesitate if you have any questions. If you feel that there is something that I missed out in the presentation, don't hesitate. Okay, what I recommend you to do is to send me your concept board by 23rd. Okay, so it gives you three days to put your heads together. You can start building your volume because it's quite straightforward. In the concept board, I would like to really see that you understood what the client was aiming for. Okay, this dual concept of modern versus Moroccan spa idea. Okay, and then on 26th, you will have to give me your first draft of layout, concept board and 3D perspective. You do not have to render the 3D for the 26th because I can understand what you will say, but you're going to have to render it for the client on the 3rd. So 26th, you will be delivering your first presentation to me. I will review it on the 27th. Then you will have another few days to reshuffle it if needed before it is sent to the client. And then the client will take time. It's only time to answer. Now, I know this summer, the client has been very slow in responding because of summer holidays. But this time it should be a little faster because obviously everyone should be back at work and the full season for them, the summer season, should be finished. So they should be less busy and have more time to review the proposal. After they give their comment on the first proposal, then it will go for second round. In terms of timing, you will have exactly the same number of days for the second round. Okay, monday.com. Most of you are familiar with it. For those of you who are not, let me know if you have any questions. Or you can get back to Fay with questions. You should have received a video explanation on how to use your monday.com board. It's quite self-explanatory. Just make sure that you put your presentation in the file section and not in the text of the comment. And make sure that when you do put your file inside, click on delivered. So I will receive a notification to tell me that you have uploaded your file. Because when you don't do it, I don't check it all the time. I don't have time for that. Okay, very, very, very important. Your presentation will have to follow the order of the slides that I will show a little bit after. It's very important because the client is comparing the three proposals. So they need to make sure that it's easy for them to compare the option. Plus, try to put the number of pages, so page 1, 2, 3, etc. Because sometimes the client sends me messages telling me, hey, page 3 of Muhammad, can you please explain to me what is this? So I need, if you have a number on the page, it's even easier for me. When you download your PDF, make sure that it doesn't exceed 10 megabytes. So you can compress it with iLovePDF. It's free and it doesn't change the quality of it. So do not hesitate to compress it. And it is compulsory to render the perspective for version 1.2 and 2.2 for the client. I will not send any presentation without render. Okay. Now, if not all your perspective, if you want to show, I don't know, five different angles and you only render two, it's okay. But at least I need one or two to be rendered. Okay. Now, for the methodology, because I have so many, since we are doing the concept presentation first before the version 1.1, I realized that a lot of you are missing some points of how to do a proper concept board. To do a proper concept overall, therefore the board, you need to start your research from scratch. So with what the client has explained in their description and requirement, you need to look at Moroccan SPA, even if you don't use anything at the end. But because it is required by the client, you have to do research to understand what it is. You have to understand what are the latest SPA trends. Okay. And especially the ones with sensory experience, because this is also required by client, and see at the end how you can combine the three. And of course, what is the LED mask? I don't even know. I've done a very quick research. I didn't find, very quickly, I didn't find any SPAs that are specialized in LED mask therapy. I don't know. Maybe you will be more lucky than me, or you will spend more time looking for it. But you have to understand what's happening out there within these requirements for you to answer better the client. So you need to show in your researches that you've been searching for that, because the answer you will give to your design should come from the outsearch that you have done on those areas. Okay. In terms of presentation, you need to give a title presentation. Obviously, project title, your name, the date of submission, and the submission number. So again, when the client is referring to a submission, it's easier for us to communicate. And because you will not explain your project to the client, and I won't do it either. Okay. Those clients, especially Clemmed, because it's their seventh or eighth project with us already. So they are very used to the monday.com system. So everything is online. So I have no chance to explain it to them either. Right. So make sure that your presentation is crystal clear. You need to explain everything. They are not in your mind. They cannot read your mind. Every layout has to get proper sizes, especially the ones here, because we are talking about 13 square meters into which you have to fit a lot of different items and functions. So you need to make sure that we can understand that it's easily operable. We can walk through easily. We can go and look for the retail space easily. When you have a retail space, you have what is in display. But you have also what is in stock. So make sure that you provide some stock space that can be lockable. Okay. You can show AutoCAD layout with proper dimension. And then after you can show, I don't know, a SketchUp layout without that mention. It's fine. You see how many you want to show as long as it's clear. Okay. Then you need to show your concept board and explain if you need. You need to explain the concept. Please feel free to explain. Write notes on the image if you have anything in particular that you want to spot on that image. And explain your overall concept. You can also combine your image inspiration with selected pieces of furniture, for example. That's fine. Or you can do one concept page with just images and maybe finishes. And then another page showing the selected furniture and or finishes that you want. Up to you as long as it's clear. And then you will have to show your perspective. So try to show different point of view. And I always recommend that you put the layout with an arrow showing where the perspective is taken from. Because it's easier for the client to understand. And highly, highly, highly recommend that you put one perspective per page. Don't give me a page with four perspectives. It's confusing for the client. And it's misleading. Because your eye cannot concentrate on one. So it's very misleading. It's always better to show one perspective per page. Less is more. It's better to have a perfect perspective and have only two instead of having five perspectives. But they are not well rendered or they don't show properly. They are not well, the point of view, the eye is not correct. So set your eye level at a normal high level, which is 1.5 meter to 1.6 meter. And make sure not to distort too much. So I need to see a straight line. Don't show me something that it's too bird view. Or if I'm laying down on the floor looking up. I am a real person and I want to see the space as a real person. So that's clues that I'm giving you because these are the comments that I receive very regularly from clients. Now for the lucky winner that will move to phase three. I'm just showing it to you so you understand the whole process. But this is only for phase three for the winner only. You will have to develop elevation. And if you have any custom-made furniture, you will have to give detailed drawing. As well as FFNE list for the purchase of the client. OK, so this is your bill of quantity for the client to purchase for any finishes that are required. So let's say you are doing custom-built furniture along the wall for your display cabinet. I will have to know what are the finishes of this carpentry and it will have to be reflected into your FFNE. And if you want to give a special finish, for example, to a chair or a lounge chair that you are buying. Then I'm going to have to get the fabric also suppliers etc. etc. Of course, I need the lighting. I need the armchairs, whatever you're going to put the trolley, whatever you're going to fit into the space. Whatever will be new will have to be detailed into the FFNE. I think I've given you all the info that you need. Do you have any questions? Yeah, I do. Please, for the concept board, while we are doing the research, can we have the handwritten notes for you to see why we did what? Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, for me, it can be quite simple as long as it's clear enough. Any other questions? OK, if you don't have any other questions, I'm going to leave you with that. I'm going to send right away into your board this PDF presentation as well as the AutoCAD files. OK, and the webinar recording, you will have it in about 15 minutes because it's time to load. Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to see your presentations. Take care. Take care, bye. Bye.


---
Transcribed using OpenAI Whisper API
